something I haven't bothered to name properly -- by me.

source code: <http://bovine.muck.net.nz/users/gumboot/displayhack.tgz>

There is no Windows installer.  If you have a zip file, extract everything
somewhere and run it from there.  Drag a link to somewhere else if that's what
you're into.  You can also rename the executable to SCRNHACK.SCR and copy it
and the DLL and the pal directory into C:\WINDOWS\system32 (or similar) and use
it as a screensaver.  It's not terribly reliable that way, though.

Much of the code is just the quickest thing I could think of to type to stick
it all together, and modifications on that to make it work under whichever
platform I found myself in front of when I got bored enough to have another
play.  Some of that code has been tidied up, but at different times with
whichever indentation and capitalisation rules I follewed at the time.  Some of
the code is hand-optimised for obsolete CPUs.  Some of the code (the TV grabber
code) was stolen and tweaked.

Several palettes are lifted from fractint.  Several more are lifted from an old
DOS version of Cthugha (1997ish I think, I wonder if those are still
distributed with it), but I think those were lifted from fractint too.  One is
from XaoS.  The files are plain text,  Lines of 'index, red, green, blue' all
ranging from 0 to 255.  The indices must be in ascending order.

I have no idea how reliably the win32 version works.  It's very hard for me to
test because I don't have my own win32 platform.  If you get an error regarding
MSVCRT.DLL, go to
	http://support.microsoft.com/support/kb/articles/Q259/4/03.ASP
and download and install VC6RedistSetup_enu.exe (or similar) via the link
there.  I think that only applies to Win95 users.


Keyboard: (this is bound to be out of date, refer to displayhack.c)

	enter	allow/disallow automatic twiddling of parameters
	a	print the command line arguments needed to get this mode
	f	toggle fullscreen mode
	c	change colours
	w	change distortion thingumy
	b	change decay rate
	s	change seed
	p	save a snapshot
	r	change working resolution
	tab	random change now

Command line: (as above, but refer to several different files)
	-geometry 123x456  set the window dimensions to 123 wide and 456 tall
	-width 123	set the buffer width to 123 pixels
	-height 456	set the buffer height to 456 pixels
	-fullscreen	start with a fullscreen display
	-scale		allow window resizing
	-yuvscale	use YUV overlay window resizing
	-singlebuf
	-swpalette
	-swsurface	things for SDL that may help if there are problems
	-windowid 123	try to draw in window ID 123
	-static		don't change things automatically


